# CS-340

How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  To make programs that are easy to maintain, readable, and adaptable, I would first follow the coding standards by creating variable and method names that are consistent and descriptive. I would also make sure to indent code and add comments so that I or others can follow the code easily. Finally, I would make sure my code is modular by having each feature have its own section or function. When I used my project one work for my project two, some advantages are reusability, time savings, and consistency. Because I had to build off the first project, I didn't have to start from scratch, meaning I was able to save time and effort and was able to focus on adding the required functionality. I can use this CRUD Python module in the future by using it in future projects. This CRUD module gives me a basic framework that allows me to build off of.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
  As a computer scientist, I would approach a problem by breaking it apart into smaller, more manageable pieces. For the updated dashboard requested by Grazioso Salvare, I looked at the requirements given by the client, then broke them up into their functions. Then I slowly added each feature into the dashboard until the project was fully complete. This approach differs from my previous assignments in other courses I had to add features from a base dashboard created from the first project. This made me look at the newly added features and how to integrate the code into the pre-existing framework I have built. In the future, I would make sure I look at the requests of the client completely before starting the project. 
  
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
  Computer scientists solve problems by creating and building systems that make tasks easier and more efficient. They use databases, hardware, and algorithms to create solutions to these problems. My work helped create a solution to the problem Grazioso Salvare had. They wanted a dashboard UI that used a database to show the data of animal rescues, and that showed the information. By creating the dashboard, I was able to make it easier for them to look up the data of the database because instead of having to type in long commands to find the information, they can use features such as filters, searches, and charts to help view the data.
